hello guys welcome to another video
today i will recap a mystery thriller
movie called
the exam spoilers ahead watch out and
take care
let's start the movie starts on a
special day
because there is an interview of many
candidates for a high post in the
renowned company
eight candidates had been chosen for it
they were very excited
all are taken into the examination hall
as they reach there
there were eight seats there was a
placed question paper on each seat with
the written role no in them
there was a security guard at the door
of the examination hall
then a male invigilator arrives he tells
only you eight candidates have been
chosen here
that was not a piece of cake so listen
to me and act according to it
he says only one question will be asked
from you
the duration of time will be 80 minutes
and there will be three rules of it
no one can talk to me or with the guard
according to the first rule
secondly if you spoil your answer sheet
thirdly
in case of stepping outside from this
examination hall
you will not be considered eligible then
he asks all
is there any question all are kept
silent
he leaves after saying it the question
paper is blank when they cast their
glances on it there is no written word
on it
nothing was being understood meanwhile a
girl writes on it
i am sure that i deserve this job but
guard gets her out
coming to her because she had spoiled
her question paper
now they are all got worried then one of
the boys says
if we cannot talk to the guard or
invigilator we can talk with one another
no one gets them out because of their
conversation with one another
so they are comforted they get
understanding that there is a need to
search a question in this interview not
the answer one of the boys says we will
be able to search out the question while
coordinating
each of them supposes it is quite
possible that they may want to check our
coordination or intelligence
so it is the cause that they have given
the blank paper one of the candidates is
about to tell his name
the second candidate says our question
paper consists only our numbers not
names it may
be the part of exam of not taking name
then they assign the nicknames to each
one is negro among eight candidates he
is given the nickname
black and fairboy candidate is given the
name
white having blonde hair a girl
candidate is given the name
blonde there are two more boys and girls
candidates one of the boys is seated
quietly
it was appearing as he is not interested
in all of them
afterwards they say invigilator did not
ban them from their seats
the guard does not say a single word
even they stand up
one of the standing girls there says it
may be possible that written words on
this question paper are invisible
suddenly the boy brings that paper
before the light
but there was still nothing visible then
blond-haired girl says
hidden text on paper may be visible
through pencil shading
it means hidden question will be
appeared with the pencil shade
white says to her why do you not try it
black calls her
stop when she is trying to do it have
you not remembered that you will be
disqualified if you spoil your paper
another girl says our question may be on
the papers of one another
and we have to answer them then black
says it is also
possible that we are required to answer
the same question
it may be on the question paper of
someone among us white begins to check
papers of all in the light
standing up but a boy who is still
silent has not given his paper for
checking
white also checks his paper while going
to him but his question paper was also
blank
they say there will be a way with which
we may search out the question
then black says it may have been written
with that thing which is not visible in
usual light
then blonde observes there is a blue
light which is being seen on the side of
walls
they think as they will try to read this
paper under this light
but they cannot find the button to
switch off the usual light and turn on
this light
then black tells it is an emergency
lighting switching
off the electricity it will be
automatically switched on
so we will have to create a blackout so
they start breaking the lights one by
one
but some of them objects saying no just
imagine
if the blue light does not switch on
will you take the risk to stay in the
darkness damaging these lights
then they just vote for it four
candidates say that we are ready to take
this risk
then they damage all lights fortunately
blue light spreads all over the room
along with it now they check their paper
one by one
placing it in the blue light but it is
still invisible
all get upset because 20 minutes had
already passed
now they had only one hour white says we
cannot spoil our paper according to the
invigilator
but he has not forbidden to spoil the
paper of others the girl who was
first got off from the room by guard he
gives the shade of pencil on her paper
taking it but there is also nothing
visible afterward
white suggests paper should be torn into
four pieces while taking it
and it should be observed that something
is visible here or not
afterward he urinates on the paper
putting it in the corner
all are much irritated because of his
action and sale for him
and a silent candidate start sweeping
who was seated in the corner
he begins to speak in french language a
girls tells
he is saying it reveals yourself one of
the boys assumes
it may be a game not an exam then he
observes a big glass in front of him
he says it may be possible that
invigilator is making fun of us with
others while witnessing our movements
but one of the girls tells no this
company is not like this
its ceo keeps an eye on everything he is
surely ceo if there is someone
don't worry because he will not act
absurdly here a strange fact is revealed
all candidates have come here for job
interview but with no knowledge about
this company's name
actually it was that company that was
manufacturing a drug for a disease
a disease in which patient has to take
the medicine after every hour
and his disease's infections are
gradually slowed down
but that boy says this company had
stopped hiring the people after a great
loss
that girl says no it is just a
pretension before the world
it is assumed that they may have
discovered the cure of that disease
then the boy says yes they have been
getting progress if it is as such
and it may also be thought that they are
hiring us
then they cast a glance on the fire
alarm they think as there may be a
chemical which is used to develop the
photos
and there may be something on the
question paper which will be visible
after dropping the chemical on it
then a girl goes hurriedly and takes out
a lighter from guard's pocket
so it may extract fluid or chemical as
she turns on that the lighter flame near
it when she climbs there to take lighter
then lighter's flame cannot reach there
then white gives a folded paper to her
from the below side saying
make this paper accessible to it while
burning it but when she notices after
the beeping of fire alarm
it is her question paper the guard
disqualifies her because of her spoiled
paper
there were only six candidates had left
there black is in
extreme anger due to this action of
white he says
i should punch your lights out saying it
all lights are switched off
blonde says to him furiously what have
you done then a boy standing beside says
he says lights out as a result all
lights have switched off
now i will say lights on then all lights
will be switched on
and the lights are immediately restored
then they come to
know that these used to be operated by
the voice control
and a seated silent candidate there
begins to cry in anger
hearing them then white says going to
him why do you not tear your paper
being sentimental he tears his paper
then guard excludes that silent seated
candidate
and his eyeglasses fall on break while
going black punch is white in full rage
after this he is knocked out after
falling down
then black ties him with a chair coming
into senses after sometimes
he is trying to utter something but
black does not remove stripe on his lips
meanwhile a girl removes the strip on
his lips
he requests give me my medicine then it
is revealed here that white was
infectious from that disease
which drug was being manufactured by
this company and he has to take the dose
of it
after each hour he tells i have known
that question
i will reveal it to all of you if you
give me a dose but there is nothing in
his pockets when these are checked
meanwhile he loses his consciousness
again then a boy starts to suspect the
girl had untied the strip of white
because she serves in the same company
he says to her i have discovered that
you are here to keep an eye on us
and for our distraction so you may
divert our attention
tell me what is the question she says i
am only candidate and i have never seen
ceo of this company yet
believe me i also don't know what the
question is
in the same way it is noticed that
white's body begins trembling
blonde says to everyone he is
dramatizing the situation
black says to her no he is not
dramatizing
he is suffering from the same illness
which my wife faced
then blonde says was it fact that he had
the dose
it means the dose is among us if he has
not now and we should check one another
there were only 15 minutes left for them
they begin to check one another but no
one can discover that dose
then a girl goes to that boy who had
said i suspect you
she asks him where did you keep your
chewing gum after chewing
then she notices that his chewing gum
has the same medicine
she gives it to white going there but
that boy who's chewing gum had this
medicine hits on his hands so that
medicine falls in the drain
no one was getting access to it that
girl says before camera
invigilator can you not see that he is
dying
then guard gets her off coming there
because she had violated the rule
then blonde gives the medicine to white
taking it out with her pin
now there were only four candidates left
then they asked to white
reveal the question of ours as we have
given you dos he says
the answer is hidden in this question
the last remaining candidate is the
answer of this question
he runs to guard saying it because he
had a gun
but black possesses that gun before him
and he points his gun on white
white says to him oh you want to shoot
me
so fire it black fires his gun but it
also does not work
white snatches the gun quickly from him
but it is also not worked when he fires
then they come to know that there was
guard's fingerprint on the gun
they activate it going to the guard but
white points his gun at that boy who had
left except white and black
and he leaves the room in fear there
were only three candidates who were left
including blonde
white and black he says to black with it
it is your turn to leave the room
then black says why will i leave then
blonde says
all right i leave she utters while
reaching at the door
lights out and all lights are switched
off with it and she hides herself there
and white begins to shoot to and fro
viewing nothing
he finds that black is in falling state
when he says
lights on and he has received a gunshot
on his body
now his eyes have also been closed
blonde's foot is still in the room when
he notices
and she herself is outside the room he
thinks that he has left alone in the
room as he has got blonde out
he says going before the camera you have
got your answer
i have left this room so i got the job
then guard
shows the time to him on his wristwatch
coming there
he says look there are still some
remained seconds
because that seated silent candidate in
the examination hall he had forwarded a
few seconds time in his watch
going there white thought his time is
over so talk to guard
so gar disqualifies him and there is
only blonde left
that silent candidate who was got off
and whose eyeglasses had fallen
blonde begins to check her paper picking
up hose glasses then she discovers the
written question number one but there is
no other statement with it
invigilator and a man approach there as
the exact time is over
the man who is silent seated candidate
here blonde gets understanding that he
was the ceo of the company
he was keeping an eye on us while
sitting with us blonde goes to them
and says no all are excited by her
correct answer
in fact the real question was the asked
question at the beginning by the
invigilator
do you have any question blonde had
replied on it
no after this she apologizes saying
i reject to take this job she tells when
the reason is asked that i cannot serve
in such a company
which destroys the lives of others then
invigilator goes to black
and says to blonde look here he is still
alive
actually this bullet has not been made
to kill anyone
it consists of a capsule which recovers
the wound immediately while penetrating
the body
it will not only cure that disease but
also the other diseases of the body
the whole world is struggling to
discover it we have made it and you are
being hired for it
blonde is pleased hearing it